----------------------- REVIEW 1 ---------------------
PAPER: 11
TITLE: Extending a Message Passing Runtime to Support Partitioned, Global Logical Address Spaces
AUTHORS: D. Brian Larkins and James Dinan

OVERALL EVALUATION: 1 (weak accept)

----------- OVERALL EVALUATION -----------
Portals is an interesting low-level communication system with sophisticated
features to support MPI tag matching.  This paper considers building on that
mechanism to provide a variation on PGAS that provides a logical addressing
capability.  A parallel distributed hash table is implemented in support of
this model, with an experimental evaluation using the Portals reference
implementation on the Comet system at SDSC (with one core per node).  The
authors identify some challenges, such as the number of keys in the active
matchlist.


----------------------- REVIEW 2 ---------------------
PAPER: 11
TITLE: Extending a Message Passing Runtime to Support Partitioned, Global Logical Address Spaces
AUTHORS: D. Brian Larkins and James Dinan

OVERALL EVALUATION: 2 (accept)

----------- OVERALL EVALUATION -----------
The authors have proposed to solve an important problem in PGAS models for
addressing sparse PGAS data structures. State of the art methods need several
rounds of communication to solve this (such as row pointer, followed by actual
data). By proposing a PGLAS extension, the authors have provided a nice and
elegant solution to this problem.

+ Simple, yet effective solution to an important problem

+ Actual implementation, with albeit simple application kernel

A few problems (probably not addressable in paper, but hopefully in the talk:)
- Why not consider MPI-3 RMA? (Performance portability)

- 8 bytes local latency is higher than remote (performance evaluation section
  needs some real work, at the moment, it is 2 results and really short on
explanation)

- No application results, there are several PGAS applications, both UPC++ and
  Global Arrays. (Another reason to consider MPI-3 backend).


----------------------- REVIEW 3 ---------------------
PAPER: 11
TITLE: Extending a Message Passing Runtime to Support Partitioned, Global Logical Address Spaces
AUTHORS: D. Brian Larkins and James Dinan

OVERALL EVALUATION: 1 (weak accept)

----------- OVERALL EVALUATION -----------
In this paper, the authors present an implementation of a distributed hash
table on portals, a system typically used to implement message passing systems.
It shows how this mapping works and how it can be used to bridge the gap
between PGAS and MP systems.

The work is a bit preliminary, but useful as a short paper contribution to a
workshop. It could find some interest and discussion and could inspire similar
work on other systems.

The evaluation section could use some additional explanations. Especially the
exact benchmark setup and pattern for Figure 3 is unclear, which makes it hard
to understand how the results should be interpreted - similar for Figure 4. A
clear definition of the metrics that should be used to explore PDHTs and how
they map to the benchmarks would be helpful.
